[Several] GitHub maintenance broken headers (#10557)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-zone-apex.md

Once you create a domain, you may want to route that traffic to other places.

> For more guidance, refer to [Redirect domain to subdomain](/fundamentals/basic-tasks/manage-subdomains/#redirect-the-apex-domain-to-a-subdomain) or [Redirect one domain to another](/fundamentals/get-started/basic-tasks/manage-domains/redirect-domain/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more guidance, refer to [Redirect domain to subdomain](/fundamentals/basic-tasks/manage-subdomains/#redirect-the-apex-domain-to-a-subdomain) or [Redirect one domain to another](/fundamentals/setup/manage-domains/redirect-domain/).
```
